README.md, before:

# CertStreamerPro

CertStreamerPro is a fully self-hosted Certificate Transparency (CT) monitoring system built in Go. It discovers all public CT logs (excluding test/pending/rejected), tails them in real time, extracts CN/SAN DNS names, normalizes subdomains using the Public Suffix List, deduplicates globally, and emits structured JSON events.

## Features

- Dynamic CT log discovery (no hardcoded logs)
- Per-log tailing via `get-sth` + `get-entries`
- X.509 parsing from CT entries (leaf + extra_data)
- CN + SAN extraction
- PSL-aware subdomain filtering (multi-stage TLDs supported)
- Two-layer dedup: in-memory bloom + persistent BadgerDB
- Persistent progress tracking per log
- Lossless delivery under backpressure (pending queue)
- Structured JSON output with SCT timestamp + latency
- Graceful shutdown

## Build

```bash
go mod tidy
go build -o CertStreamerPro ./cmd/CertStreamerPro
```

## Run

```bash
./CertStreamerPro -config config.yaml
```

## Example Output

```json
{"domain":"staging.example.co.in","source_log":"https://ct.googleapis.com/logs/us1/argon2027h1","observed_at":"2026-02-03T17:51:49.642112Z","sct_timestamp":"2026-02-03T16:14:39.566Z","latency_ms":5830076}
```

## Configuration

See `config.yaml` for defaults. Important options:

- `include_all_logs`: use all public logs (excluding test/pending/rejected)
- `allowed_operators`: optional operator allowlist
- `only_subdomains`: enforce PSL subdomain filtering
- `dedup_workers`, `dedup_batch_size`, `dedup_flush_interval`
- `psl_cache_size`

## SDK Usage (Go)

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"log"
	"os"
	"os/signal"
	"syscall"
	"time"

	"github.com/K0ngS3ng/CertStreamerPro/pkg/ctmonitor"
)

func main() {
	ctx, cancel := signal.NotifyContext(context.Background(), os.Interrupt, syscall.SIGTERM)
	defer cancel()

	cfg := ctmonitor.DefaultConfig()
	cfg.DataDir = "./data"
	cfg.OnlySubdomains = true
	cfg.AllowedOperators = []string{"Google", "Cloudflare", "Let's Encrypt", "DigiCert"}

	mon, err := ctmonitor.Start(ctx, cfg)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	defer mon.Close()

	for ev := range mon.Events {
		log.Printf("%s %s %s", ev.Domain, ev.LogURL, ev.Observed.UTC().Format(time.RFC3339Nano))
	}
}
```

## Notes on Timestamps

- `sct_timestamp` is the CT log inclusion time from `leaf_input`.
- `observed_at` is when this tool observed the entry.
- `latency_ms` is `observed_at - sct_timestamp`.

## License

No license specified yet.

Commit message:

Update documentation and backpressure behavior

README.md, after:

# CertStreamerPro

CertStreamerPro is a fully self-hosted Certificate Transparency (CT) monitoring system built in Go. It discovers all public CT logs (excluding test/pending/rejected), tails them in real time, extracts CN/SAN DNS names, normalizes subdomains using the Public Suffix List, deduplicates globally, and emits structured JSON events.

## Features

- Dynamic CT log discovery (no hardcoded logs)
- Per-log tailing via `get-sth` + `get-entries`
- X.509 parsing from CT entries (leaf + extra_data)
- CN + SAN extraction
- PSL-aware subdomain filtering (multi-stage TLDs supported)
- Two-layer dedup: in-memory bloom + persistent BadgerDB
- Persistent progress tracking per log
- Lossless delivery under backpressure (pending queue)
- Structured JSON output with SCT timestamp + latency
- Graceful shutdown

## Build

```bash
go mod tidy
go build -o CertStreamerPro ./cmd/CertStreamerPro
```

## Run

```bash
./CertStreamerPro -config config.yaml
```

## Example Output

```json
{"domain":"staging.example.co.in","source_log":"https://ct.googleapis.com/logs/us1/argon2027h1","observed_at":"2026-02-03T17:51:49.642112Z","sct_timestamp":"2026-02-03T16:14:39.566Z","latency_ms":5830076}
```

## Backpressure Behavior

To guarantee no loss, the normalization stage will block if the dedup stage is saturated. This keeps correctness intact but can slow ingestion under extreme load. If you need both non-blocking ingestion and zero loss, add a disk-backed overflow queue at the normalization stage.

## Configuration

See `config.yaml` for defaults. Important options:

- `include_all_logs`: use all public logs (excluding test/pending/rejected)
- `allowed_operators`: optional operator allowlist
- `only_subdomains`: enforce PSL subdomain filtering
- `dedup_workers`, `dedup_batch_size`, `dedup_flush_interval`
- `psl_cache_size`

## SDK Usage (Go)

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"log"
	"os"
	"os/signal"
	"syscall"
	"time"

	"github.com/K0ngS3ng/CertStreamerPro/pkg/ctmonitor"
)

func main() {
	ctx, cancel := signal.NotifyContext(context.Background(), os.Interrupt, syscall.SIGTERM)
	defer cancel()

	cfg := ctmonitor.DefaultConfig()
	cfg.DataDir = "./data"
	cfg.OnlySubdomains = true
	cfg.AllowedOperators = []string{"Google", "Cloudflare", "Let's Encrypt", "DigiCert"}

	mon, err := ctmonitor.Start(ctx, cfg)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	defer mon.Close()

	for ev := range mon.Events {
		log.Printf("%s %s %s", ev.Domain, ev.LogURL, ev.Observed.UTC().Format(time.RFC3339Nano))
	}
}
```

## Notes on Timestamps

- `sct_timestamp` is the CT log inclusion time from `leaf_input`.
- `observed_at` is when this tool observed the entry.
- `latency_ms` is `observed_at - sct_timestamp`.

## License

No license specified yet.
